[ Reporters shouting ]
[ Camera shutters clicking ]
[ Shouting, clicking continue ]
It's time to go.
[ Seat belt clicking ]
Officer: Full name?
Cyrus: Cyrus Beene.
Louder.
[ Louder ] Cyrus Beene.
Full name.
Cyrus Rutherford Beene.
Arrested for?
[ Police radio chatter ]
Assassinating
the President.
[ Flash bulb popping ]
Officer:
Turn to your left.
Turn to the right.
Officer: Right thumb
on the glass.
[ Whirring ]
Other four fingers
on the glass.
Left thumb
Four fingers.
Remove your clothes,
shoes first.
Remove your clothes.
Open your mouth.
Wider.
Put the pinkies
in the corners.
Lift them up.
Pull them down.
Stick out your tongue.
More.
Lift the tongue.
Turn around.
Bend over.
Spread 'em.
Wider.
[ Sighs ]
[ Door buzzes ]
[ Lock disengages ]
Sink. Toilet. Bed.
You shower every
other day.
You're up at 6:00,
inspection at 7:00.
Exercise,
one hour at 3:00.
Prisoner in.
[ Door buzzes ]
[ Lock clangs ]
[ Metal door closes ]
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
[ En Vogue's "Free Your Mind"
Playing ]
Mm, dreams
do come true.
You bet
your ass they do!
[ Laughs ]
♪♪
Oh! I love this song!
[ Volume increases ]
♪ I wear tight clothing ♪
[ Chuckling ]
Oh, so we're dancing now.
♪ High-heeled shoes ♪
Okay.
We are dancing
because I am going to be
the President
of the United States of America.
Me. Me!
[ Chuckling ] No.
Me!
♪ POTUS 45! ♪
POTUS 45!
Yes!
♪ Oh, my, forgive me
for having straight hair, no ♪
♪ It doesn't mean there's
another blood in my heir ♪
[ both laugh ]
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ I might date
another race or color ♪
♪ It doesn't mean I don't like ♪
♪ My strong black brothers ♪
[ Laughs ]
Oh. Oh.
Excuse me a minute.
[ Vocalizing ]
♪ Why, oh, why
must it be this way? ♪
Really?
What is she doing
in there?
None of
your business.
She's dancing.
It's nice.
Celebratory.
You know, I didn't know
the leader of the free world
is supposed to twerk.
Stop watching.
Have a little respect.
She's not the leader
of the free world, not yet.
What do you mean "not yet"?
We won.
No, we did not win.
We've won nothing.
We are not there
until we are there.
[ Sighs ]
Until Mellie gets up
on that dais
lays her hand on that Bible,
we are nowhere.
So just avert your eyes
and don't make me
come out here again.
Am I clear?
♪ So I'm a sistah,
buy things -- ♪
[ Computer key clicks ]
[ Footsteps ]
Liv basically kicked us
out of the office
for watching her grind
with the next President,
so Charlie and I
are gonna celebrate
with a drink
at the Old Rail.
Want to come?
I'm busy.
Busy? With what?
We just won the election.
Take a night off.
I'm busy.
[ Footsteps ]
[ Door opens, closes ]
Meg: Ugh.
Jenny: Come on, Meg.
Introduce yourself.
Jenny, you're not gonna
use this, right?
Introduce yourself!
-Yeah, right there.
-Oh, good, good, good.
Fine.
Meg Mitchell.
Campaign statistician.
And what rating would
this campaign statistician
give to Frankie Vargas'
birthday party?
10.
A solid 10.
Actually, a 9.
Docked a point for
the campaign videographer
who kept nosing in
to everyone's cake time.
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
-Marcus! Marcus!
-Marcus!
Yeah, thank you.
Do you have a timetable
for Cyrus Beene's prosecution?
The White House
has been briefed,
but I'll refer
your specific questions
to the
Attorney General's Office.
[ Indistinct shouting ]
Is it true
the Attorney General's
gonna seek
the death penalty?
Again, that's a question
for the Department of Justice.
[ Indistinct shouting ]
Tell me you're not seriously
considering making this
a death penalty case
against Cyrus.
[ Clears throat ]
Director Webster.
Ms. Whelan.
This is going to be
a death penalty case, Abby.
You can't!
The evidence supports
a conviction.
The law supports
the death penalty.
You have discretion.
And I'm using it.
The American people need to see
that he is being prosecuted
to the fullest
extent possible
and that he pays
the ultimate price.
This is no ordinary crime.
This is no ordinary man.
We agree on that.
This is Cyrus Beene,
the Vice President-Elect,
the Chief of Staff.
Which is exactly why
the American people
need to know that
he's not above the law.
This isn't about
the American people.
It's about
the President.
This was
his right-hand man.
The President
is not going to allow him
to be publicly tried
and executed!
What exactly
are you saying?
I'm saying you're gonna need
to change your plans here.
All due respect,
Ms. Whelan,
the Chief of Staff doesn't make
these decisions.
The President does.
With all due respect,
Ms. Webster,
I speak
for the President.
Right here, right now,
I am the President.
And I'm telling you
this isn't a death penalty case
anymore.
Do I have to make myself
more clear?
Because I certainly can.
Do I?
No.
♪♪
[ Footsteps ]
[ Door opens, closes ]
[ Keys jingling ]
[ Knocks on door ]
Time for your walk.
[ Snapping fingers ]
Up, up, up!
Helps if you count 'em
while you walk --
the circles.
[ Lock disengages ]
Let's go.
[ Door creaks open ]
[ Indistinct shouting
in distance ]
[ Door buzzes ]
Cyrus:
We're not going outside?
Feet on the line,
hands through the slot.
I wonder
what the Eighth Amendment
would have to say
about this.
[ Door buzzes in distance ]
If you ask me,
it's a clear violation...
Tom.
T-- Tom!
Tom!
Hey!
Quiet.
I need to talk
to that man.
You're not talking
to anyone.
Please, I'm begging you.
I'm not gonna hurt him.
I just -- I --
He -- He -- He's the reason
I'm in here, him and his lies.
If I can just --
I-I j-just need
to sit down with him
and appeal to his human--
[ Spits ]
♪♪
You see that door
right there?
That's Gen Pop.
There's a lot of
Frankie Vargas fans in there
who would love
to make your acquaintance.
Now, either we can go back
to your cell that way
or the way we came.
Which would you prefer?
[ Mumbles ]
I can't hear you.
[ Sighs ]
The -- The way we...came.
Good.
Now walk in your circle
and keep your damn mouth shut.
Walk!
♪♪
Elizabeth:
This better be good.
I need you to get
a message to Cyrus.
Cyrus?
I'm not talking to Cyrus.
Are you crazy?
You work for him.
Incorrect.
I worked for him, back when
he wasn't John Wilkes Booth.
He hasn't been convicted.
He's in jail.
Lots of innocent people
are in jail.
I'm a Republican, Abby.
That argument
doesn't work on me.
I need you to tell him
that he's not gonna get
the death penalty.
[ Scoffs ]
What about
my death penalty?
What about the fact
that I can't get
a single United States senator
to play squash with me
because of the 24 hours I spent
fronting for that assassin?
What about the fact
that I can't use my own name
to get a reservation
at Le Diplomate?
I was told
to check availability
on something called
"OpenTable," Abby.
An app.
An app!
[ Breathes sharply ]
What are you offering?
What?
If you're offering me
a job,
I'll consider
getting him a message.
Well, get him the message,
and...I'll see what I can do.
[ Door buzzes ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Indistinct conversations
in distance ]
26.
I need entrance
to prisoner cage.
27.
[ Door buzzes ]
Feet on the line.
Hands through the slot.
Would it be possible to get
a pen and paper?
Please?
[ Laughs ]
Feet on the line,
hands through the slot.
Or do you want me to tell your
visitor to go screw herself?
Visitor?
How's it going?
"How's it going?"
[ Scoffs ]
Given the fact that
I am in hell, delightful.
Mm, it's not great out here,
either -- I'll be honest.
The public seems to have
really turned against you
in a very
bloodthirsty way.
[ Chuckling ]
Very bloodthirsty.
I've never seen anything
like it in my life.
I suppose
it's understandable.
You just came here
to tell me that?
Right.
No, thank you.
I came here to tell you
that Abby says
you don't have to worry
about the death penalty.
Well, okay.
Great.
So, I guess
I'll just settle in
for a life
of solitary confinement.
Mm.
Sounds like a plan.
No! Stop!
[ Sighs ]
I need your help.
Tom Larsen is in here.
And?
I need you to get
Tom a letter.
You just said Tom Larsen
is in here.
Yes, he is in here.
So, then,
you get it to him.
He's in a different wing.
Well, can't you go by?
"Go by"?
This isn't
an apartment complex.
It's jail.
[ Sighs ]
When you say "a letter"...
Listen.
You don't know Tom.
You don't understand Tom.
He is simple --
deeply deranged,
but emotionally simple.
Right now, he is hurt.
And so he is trying
to hurt me.
If I can get him
a letter,
convince him that I love him,
he will recant.
The entire case against me
rests on Tom,
so I just need to turn Tom.
Please. It's the least
you could do.
Fine.
Give it to me.
Well, I don't
have it yet.
I haven't written it yet.
I don't have
a pen or paper.
They don't give you
that kind of thing here,
but I'll figure that out.
Fine.
[ Door buzzes ]
Meg:
8-9-1-2-1. Pound.
Now, if somebody
breaks in,
the cops will be here
in under five minutes.
I'm also gonna upgrade
your locks,
and I'm gonna install Plexiglas
over the windows.
It'll be impossible for anybody
to get in here.
You don't have to do
all this.
How much do I owe you?
I get all this stuff
for free from work.
Well, I at least owe you dinner
sometime or something.
Okay.
What about the garbage?
Garbage?
Yeah, I heard criminals
go through garbage for clues.
If that guys comes
for me, I --
Should I get locks
for my garbage cans?
What guy?
The guy who got Jenny.
Tom Larsen's in jail.
It doesn't mean that
he's the guy who got Jenny.
I mean, Tom Larsen hasn't been
charged for Jenny's murder.
No one has.
No one's even thinking
about Jenny.
The police just forgot
about her.
Her killer
could be anyone.
Anywhere.
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
Charlie:
General Schultz's meeting
with the transition team
is confirmed.
And that reporter from the Post
called again for a quote
on Cyrus possibly getting
the death penalty.
I'll take care
of it.
Who killed Jenny?
Jenny?
Who the hell is Jenny?
The voicemail?
The severed hand
with the ring?
Mm-hmm.
It was Tom.
He blew up the cabin to keep
Jenny from talking, right?
Oh! Cabin girl.
Chicken-roasted hand.
Yeah,
totally Tom.
Are we sure?
Huck, what are
you talking about?
Jennifer was
the loose end.
She's the one that left the
voicemail on the FBI tip line.
Cyrus needed
Jennifer dead.
Wait, why are
you even --
He didn't admit it --
Tom.
In his confession, he never
mentioned Jennifer or the cabin.
He said he killed
Frankie Vargas,
but he didn't say anything
about killing Jenny.
Are you saying
he didn't do it?
That's not --
I'm saying the prime suspects
are in jail,
but they haven't been charged
with her murder.
Why?
♪♪
Oh, great.
There goes any chance I had
of getting any sleep
tonight.
I mean, if Tom didn't do it,
who did?
We have to be
absolutely 100% sure.
No loose ends.
If we can prove that Tom
blew up Jennifer's cabin,
Cyrus will go away for
two murders and the cover-up.
We know Tom did it.
We need proof.
I want there to be no doubt
about his guilt.
Mellie Grant danced
in my office
because we made
her dreams come true
because she's going to be
the next President
of the United States of America.
We can't be wrong.
We can't take this away
from her.
Not again.
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
[ Metal door creaks open ]
[ Door buzzes ]
♪♪
[ Metal door opens, closes ]
Hey. You.
What's the currency
around here?
Currency?
How do I get things?
Depends what you want.
Pen and paper.
The guard
with the beard --
Gerald.
He just slipped a prisoner
a pack of gum.
Clearly you can
buy things.
[ Scoffs ]
You think anyone
around here gives a nut
about minty-fresh breath?
That wasn't gum, bud.
Drugs?
Some gang made him
their bitch.
I bet you can relate to that,
a man who used to be someone.
Now look at you.
Can't even get something
to write with.
How do I get
a pen and paper?
Forget the pen
and paper.
Whatever you're using it for,
it's a waste of time.
But what I can get you
is a belt.
A belt doesn't help me.
Because you're not
thinking ahead.
Ahead?
To when you can't take being on
the bottom for another minute
and want to hang yourself.
I'm not a coward.
The last two dudes who hung
themselves where you're standing
said the same thing.
Ask me what I'm in for.
I ate my sister
and my mom.
My dad, too.
Up in Fort Collins.
Couldn't eat the dog, though.
Only an animal would chow down
on their own dog,
don't you agree?
Ralph.
Green-something.
Greenwald.
Welcome to the
Murderer's Hall of Fame, bud.
Either figure out a way
to leverage Gerald
or take the damn belt now.
♪♪
[ Door buzzes in distance ]
I could use
some fresh air.
I could use a 6-foot
Victoria's Secret model.
This is driving me mad.
If I can't go outside,
the least you could do
is give me that pen.
Excuse me?
And a pad of paper.
I'd prefer heavy card stock,
but I'll take
whatever's available.
Maybe I didn't
make myself clear.
You've made yourself
perfectly clear.
Yeah? Then why do you
keep asking me for things?
I look like
a store to you?
What else can
I get for you?
Maybe a, uh, carton of milk,
loaf of bread?
A radio would be nice.
[ Laughs ]
I bet it would.
Or I can tell
your supervisor
that you're moonlighting
as a drug mule.
♪♪
I've seen
your little transactions.
He's got something
on you, right?
Some kind of leverage?
He's forcing you
to smuggle contraband in here
in exchange for what --
his silence?
You watch yourself.
I've got something
to exchange, too, Gerald.
You get me that pen and paper,
and I tell you
how to get yourself out
from under those guys.
I'll tell you how to get
your freedom back.
That's what you want,
right?
I can make it happen
for you.
Or...I can talk
to your supervisor --
your choice.
♪♪
I've served
a President, Gerald.
I know a thing or two
about power.
Just think about it.
♪♪
Now, you're gonna need
the right stance
if you're gonna block
it properly.
Okay, put your --
put your left leg back.
Like this?
Not so much to the side.
Show me.
Okay, um...
Square your hips.
Yeah. Good.
That's good.
Good, good, good.
Now, um, keep your arms level
with your shoulders
and move your palm into
the punch to block it.
I'm gonna throw a hit now.
Don't tell me.
Just do it.
Good.
Do it for real
this time.
No going easy on me.
Okay, but if you're gonna
protect yourself,
you got to, um...
you got to get out
of the defense, okay?
So, block and then
bounce back into a punch.
Okay.
Now use your back foot
to send energy into your fist.
Okay? And bounce.
Bounce!
Oh!
Oh, no! Huck!
I'm so sorry!
[ Sniffles ]
That was amazing.
[ Breathes sharply ]
[ Laughs ]
[ Both laughing ]
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
Tom rented a car
in Arlington
at 9:00 a.m.
on the day of the election.
Oh, he went economy?
You'd think on the day
you assassinate the President,
you'd at least spring
for a mid-size.
Let me see
the license plate.
I'll search
the traffic cam grid
and see if I can track
his movements.
[ Computer keys clacking ]
How do you know if somebody's
a client or a friend?
Like a girl somebody?
Well, not necessarily.
So, a girl.
How does she look at you?
Like she wants to rip
your clothes off
or like she's making
a to-do list in her head?
[ Sighs ]
I don't know.
Honestly, if you have
to ask the question,
you're probably not gonna
like the answer.
Don't listen to him.
If you want to know if
somebody's a client or a friend,
just ask.
[ Computer keys clacking ]
You are gorgeous,
you know that?
Absolutely stunning.
You're okay.
Just okay?
I'm the President
of the United States.
[ Laughs ]
I cannot believe that something
good has actually happened
these last couple
of weeks.
Because it has not been good
around here.
[ Bed creaks ]
How are you doing
with all of this?
You and Cyrus have been close
for a long time.
I'm fine.
It's the country
that concerns me.
Mm. You don't have
to be stoic, Fitz.
Not with me.
I've put hundreds
of people behind bars,
and I'm keenly aware
that every one of them
is someone's daughter,
father, friend.
[ Sighs ]
When Abby said you
wouldn't want to pursue
the death penalty
for Cyrus,
it hit me that you are
the friend this time.
His guidance and support
has meant a lot to you
over the years.
Wait.
Abby said I didn't want
the death penalty?
She told David Rosen
to take it off the table.
President's orders.
I thought you knew.
♪♪
[ Footsteps, keys jingling ]
You said you
could help me.
In my line of work,
I could leverage anyone
into doing what
I wanted them to do
because I had something
they all craved --
the President.
I had the Oval.
Right now, all you have
is access to drugs.
You need to find
your Oval.
Something that these people
value more than drugs.
Is it food, their health?
An inmate
who snitched on them
they'd love nothing more
than to exact revenge on?
The Oval.
Everyone has an Oval.
There's always an Oval.
Figure out what yours is
in here.
Thank you.
♪♪
[ Metal door closes
in distance ]
[ Clapping ]
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
[ Knock on door ]
[ Door buzzes, clicks open ]
I had breakfast
at Defense,
and they had
these little doughnuts
shaped like submarines --
I brought some.
Sit down.
Well,
I was going to sit down.
I guess I'll do
it faster.
What's going on?
You interfered in a federal
criminal investigation.
What?
To try and overturn
a charging decision
of the
United States Attorney General.
Is this about Cyrus?
Did you go and complain
to the teacher?
I am the President!
♪♪
[ Chuckles ]
Mr. President.
Can -- Can we talk a minute,
the two of us, alone?
Anything you have
to say about this,
you can say in front
of the FBI Director
and the
Attorney General.
[ Breathes deeply ]
♪♪
[ Clears throat ]
I had a discussion
with the Attorney General
and the FBI Director...
I wouldn't call
it a discussion.
...where I articulated
concerns that we have
about criminal proceedings
in light of larger
national interests.
No.
You invoked my name without
ever even talking to me.
You said that all
I care about is my interest.
That was inappropriate
and wrong,
and I am ordering you
to stay away
from this investigation.
The Chief of Staff
doesn't make these decisions.
The President does.
♪♪
Do you understand?
Oh, yes.
I understand.
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
[ Door buzzes ]
Michael?
I thought you weren't coming
until next week.
I would have --
Doesn't matter.
Come here.
Guard:
No contact! Hey! Hey!
Take a seat!
Yeah.
How's Ella?
How are you?
I'm leaving you.
[ Door buzzes in distance ]
What?
I've already met with a lawyer.
He's drawing the papers.
Michael --
The house will be mine.
Ours.
Me and Ella's.
I'll have full custody of her.
You can try --
Michael, what are
you saying?
You can try to fight this,
do whatever you have to do.
What the hell is going on?
Certainly not
a Presidential address, is it?
I would call this
a love letter,
but some of the language
is just so filthy.
You shouldn't
have seen this.
Elizabeth shouldn't
have given you this.
I made her.
Some people are smart enough
to be afraid of me, you know.
I wanted to know
what the hell her plan was,
how she was planning
to get you out of here.
So I made her tell me.
I wasn't expecting --
This wasn't meant
for you, Michael.
This was meant --
I know who
it was meant for!
You never touched me
like that.
Is that what you like?
Is that what you --
Did you do that to him
before you came back to me
with that mouth?
Nothing in this letter
was true.
It was all a ruse to get Tom
to recant his confession,
get him back on my side.
Our side.
There is no
our side, Cyrus.
Michael, please.
[ Breathing deeply ]
Did Tom ever see
the letters?
Did she ever show them to him
before she gave them to you?
I need to get out
of here.
Michael, don't do this.
Michael.
You said
you'd never leave me.
♪ For all... ♪
[ Door buzzes ]
[ Door opens, closes ]
♪ ...we know ♪
The assassination
of Governor Frankie Vargas
was not just the brutal murder
of a good and decent man.
♪ We may never meet again ♪
It was an assault
on our government,
on civil discourse,
and on democracy itself.
For these reasons, I want
the American people to know
that I fully and unequivocally
support the decision...
♪ Before we go ♪
...of our Attorney General
to pursue the death penalty
against Cyrus Beene,
for a crime of this magnitude
deserves no lesser punishment.
[ Reporters shouting ]
♪ Make this moment sweet again ♪
Ralph:
Ready for the belt now?
Give him
your belt, Gerald.
I think our friend
is ready.
♪ We come... ♪
Hey.
What?
♪ ...and we go ♪
You're here to gloat?
♪ Like the ripples... ♪
Rub some proverbial salt
into the wound?
Go ahead. Get started.
You won't be the first.
♪ ...oh, in a stream ♪
I actually came by to see
if you wanted some fresh air.
♪ So, love me ♪
Yard's empty at night.
A friend of mine works C-Block.
He said he'd get you
a few minutes outside.
♪ Love me tonight ♪
I figured, you know, uh...
with the day you had...
[ Sobs, laughs ]
♪ Tomorrow was made
for some ♪
Is that a yes, or...?
Yes!
[ Door buzzes ]
♪ But tomorrow
may never come ♪
[ Handcuffs unlock, clinking ]
[ Crickets chirping ]
♪♪
♪ For all... ♪
[ Sighs ]
♪ ...we know ♪
[ Door buzzes ]
[ Door closes ]
♪ We know ♪
What are you doing?
[ Door buzzes ]
♪♪
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
[ Gate creaks ]
Op-- Open the door.
♪ We know ♪
Everyone in my family voted
for Frankie Vargas.
Guard!
Gerald!
Don't let this happen!
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
[ Grunting ]
♪♪
[ Monitor beeping ]
Hey, Cy.
[ Gasps ]
Don't try to talk.
You're at
James Madison Hospital.
You took
quite a beating.
The doctors patched you up.
You're gonna be okay.
And I'm here.
I'm not leaving.
That's Darren.
He's, uh...
He's keeping an eye
on things.
You want to take it
from here, or...?
Olivia: Sure.
Hey.
I'm so sorry.
If I had known the facts,
I never would have
let it get this far.
Cyrus, Tom Larsen recanted.
He said you had nothing to do
with him killing Frankie,
and the only reason he ever said
that you were involved
is because he was angry
and wanted to hurt you.
[ Breathes sharply ]
They're dropping
the charges, Cy.
There's more, Cyrus.
The Electoral College
is meeting in two days.
They were planning
on voting for Mellie,
but now that Tom has changed
his story...
[ Beeping continues ]
But if can promise me
right here today
that you'll make Mellie
your Vice President,
then I can promise you that
I will not stand in your way.
You've been
through enough.
It's time
we move on, okay?
-Mm.
-[ Breathes sharply ]
[ Hoarsely ] Darren?
Darren?
He's Secret Service.
Protecting the man
who's about to be President.
[ Chuckles ]
♪♪
[ Cyrus chuckles weakly ]
Right?
Chief Justice:
"I, Cyrus Rutherford Beene,
do solemnly swear..."
I, Cyrus Rutherford Beene,
do solemnly swear...
"...that
I will faithfully execute
the office of President
of the United States..."
...that
I will faithfully execute
the office of President
of the United States...
"...and will, to the best
of my ability..."
...and will, to the best
of my ability...
"...preserve, protect,
and defend
the Constitution
of the United States."
...preserve, protect,
and defend
the Constitution
of the United States.
Congratulations,
Mr. President.
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
Mellie:
Gorgeous, isn't it?
[ Chuckles ]
It's custom-made.
It's the quotes
that make it special.
Sojourner Truth.
Nice touch, right?
[ Laughs ]
Feminine, but powerful.
♪♪
M..Mellie...
I don't mind you dropping by,
but you should probably go.
I've got a lot of work
to plow through.
Plus...
I don't want your blood
on my carpet.
♪♪
[ Alarm blaring ]
[ Coughs ]
[ Distorted shouting ]
[ Blaring, shouting continue ]
♪♪
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
[ Computer keys clicking ]
[ Cellphone ringing ]
Olivia Pope.
Operator:
This is a Global Tel Link,
prepaid call from...
Cyrus: Cyrus Beene.
Operator: ...An inmate at
Hamilton Federal Penitentiary.
To accept, press 1.
To decline, press 2.
[ Beep ]
Liv?
Liv, are --
are you there?
Hello?
If you're there --
I'm here.
Oh.
[ Sighs ]
Okay.
I wasn't sure.
I-I -- Liv, I --
You're there.
It wasn't me, Liv.
Cyrus --
No, no.
Listen.
Please.
Just -- Just listen.
It wasn't me.
I never told Tom.
I never asked him
to kill Frankie Vargas.
I told him not to touch a hair
on Frankie Vargas' head.
I forbade him from...
It wasn't me.
It was Tom.
All of this -- it was Tom.
Please, Olivia.
[ Breathes shakily ]
Liv, you know me.
I am a monster,
but I am your monster.
I can't help you,
Cyrus.
You can.
You know me.
Think about it.
Trust your gut.
You believe me.
[ Breathes shakily ]
I know you believe me.
No, I -- I can't.
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter
what I believe.
what I want to believe.
This is too far.
It's gone too far.
But I didn't do this!
Cyrus...
at some point,
the bill has to be paid.
Your bill is due.
Your time is up.
Do what needs
to be done.
Do it right.
Stop being a monster
and be a man.
Be a man
you can be proud of, Cy.
♪♪
I'm -- I'm going to die
in here.
[ Breathes sharply ]
♪♪
I will always be
your friend,
but I will not speak
to you again.
No! Please!
[ Clicks, dial tone ]
♪♪
[ Receiver clatters ]
[ Creaks ]
[ Indistinct conversations
in distance ]
♪♪
Gerald: There's extra bread
there and butter.
That's --
That's good butter.
That's butter we use.
I was the Oval.
I don't have to smuggle drugs
in here anymore, so...
[ Speaking indistinctly ]
Give me your belt.
I can't let
you hang yourself.
I'll wait
till your shift is over.
I can't.
Look, you don't want
to do that.
♪♪
Please.
Give me your belt.
They're standard issue.
You all have them.
There's no way it traces
back to you.
Is there a guard
you don't like?
[ Laughs ]
Just one?
Give me a name.
Keith Bosko.
We'll blame it
on Keith Bosko.
You'll be dead.
Ralph:
Keith Bosko gave him the belt.
I saw it with my own eyes.
Do me this kindness.
Keith Bosko.
Not on my watch.
Thank you.
Thank -- Thank you.
[ Knocking on door ]
Huck? Were we supposed
to meet up?
Are you a client
or a friend?
I don't understand
the question.
Is this --
what -- what we're...
Is it business or...?
♪♪
[ Cellphone ringing ]
[ Cellphone beeps,
ringing stops ]
Quinn: Huck?
Huck?
Huck!
Yeah?
We got something
on Tom Larsen.
[ Footsteps, keys jingling ]
Beene.
Mm?
I'm off shift.
You still want
the belt?
Mm-hmm.
It's no longer my watch.
Can you give this
to Ralph first?
Goodbye letters.
[ Clears throat ]
[ Bed creaks ]
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
For you.
[ Groaning ]
♪♪
[ Grunting ]
[ Choking ]
♪♪
[ Choking continues ]
[ Lock disengages ]
[ Gasping ]
[ Groaning ]
[ Lock disengages ]
[ Door creaks ]
[ Door closes ]
I promised Ralph
a kill.
That can be you,
or that can be Tom Larsen.
Which is it?
[ Choking ]
What?
What is it?
It's about Tom Larsen.
[ Lock disengages ]
[ Metal door creaks open ]
Aah!
[ Both grunting ]
[ Choking ]
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry I taught you
all the wrong things,
that you never had
a real chance.
You were --
you were a good boy,
but it's time for me
to handle my mistakes.
Time to pay
my bill, Tom.
Time to be a man.
[ Strained ] I'm innocent.
I'm innocent.
What? What?
What's that?
I'm...innocent!
Tom wasn't anywhere
near Philadelphia
on the night
of Frankie's shooting.
Where the hell was he?
[ Choking ]
You're innocent, huh?
It's t-t-too late for that,
don't you think?
You're innocent!
I'm innocent?
Charlie:
Tom was 600 miles away,
grabbing dinner
outside Atlanta.
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
Tom couldn't have
shot Frankie.
[ Strained ] If I die,
nobody will hear the truth.
[ Choking ]
Let him down.
Almost there!
Let him --
Let him go!
Ralph!
What are you doing?
[ Grunts ]
You promised him a kill.
Guard! Guard!
Aaah!
Charlie:
That confession Tom made?
Totally bogus.
Somebody paid him
to say everything.
We dug into
his bank accounts.
Found $2 million.
[ Alarm blaring ]
Tell --
T-Tell me the truth.
I didn't kill him.
Frankie...
[ Gasps ]
I need this
to be the truth.
Man: What in the hell's
going on here?!
Don't say it
if it is not the truth.
-Over here!
-Go!
[ Crying ] I just wanted
to see you suffer.
On the gate!
I didn't...
Open Gate 9!
Open it now!
I didn't kill him.
[ Lock disengages ]
That's the truth.
Get off of him!
Come on!
-[ Grunts ]
-[ Speaking indistinctly ]
We don't know who it was.
All we know is...
Tom's innocent.
Which means Cyrus
is innocent.
♪♪
[ Door buzzes ]
I'm -- I'm innocent!
[ Chuckling ]
I'm innocent!
[ Camera shutter clicking ]